MANAJIT SENGUPTA: I work at NREL because
of primarily the challenges, the excitement
of the work, and the people I work with.
SUZY BELMONT: When people feel safe and
they feel accepted, they’re able to bring
the best parts of themselves forward, and
they’re able to bring exciting new ideas
forward because they feel like they can fail,
they feel like they can try out new things.
BOBI GARRETT: A culture of inclusion is
important to me because every day when I come
to work, what I see are people that have great
ideas, they’re totally committed to the
mission, and they want to have an impact in
the world.
MANAJIT SENGUPTA: It really makes a difference
when you can get up in the morning and say,
‘I’m excited to go work with the people
around me.’ That really matters.
SUZY BELMONT: My hope for the future is
that people can come to work and don’t feel
like they have to hide a part of themselves.
So whether you’re transgender, or you come
from a biracial background, or you’re an
immigrant, or whatever it is, I would hope
that you could come to work and feel like
you are safe.
BOBI GARRETT: NREL supports diversity first
of all by focusing on a talented and diverse
workforce, and you can see that in the staff
across the laboratory.
JACK XANDER: I see NREL as sort of the
United Nations of energy. Since we have such
a diverse group from all over the world, eventually
the technology that we help develop is going
to branch out to the whole world.
LINDA LUNG: I am proud to tell people that
we have folks here from 80 different countries,
that we speak 30 different languages, and
that we represent 600 universities.
MANAJIT SENGUPTA: We work all over the
world, and we have people from all over the
world, bringing in that diversity of opinion
and thought.
JACK XANDER: You can bring your background,
you can bring your culture, you can bring
your differences, and those differences will
be embraced.
SUZY BELMONT: I am Suzy Belmont, and I
am part of one NREL.
JACK XANDER: I am Jack Xander, and I am
part of one NREL.
MANAJIT SENGUPTA: I am Manajit Sengupta,
and I am part of one NREL.
LINDA LUNG: I am Linda Lung, and I am part
of one NREL.